Add concept page about cluster autoscaling (#45197)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

* [API definition for Node](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#node-v1-core).
* [Node](https://git.k8s.io/design-proposals-archive/architecture/architecture.md#the-kubernetes-node)
  section of the architecture design document.

> * [Cluster node autoscaling](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cluster-autoscaling/).

Author: ```suggestion
* [Cluster autoscaling](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cluster-autoscaling/) to
  manage the number and size of nodes in your cluster.
```
